https://leetcode.com/company/amazon/discuss/5399941/Amazon-OA-Questions-Compiled

Total requests served by the server
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5379922/Amazon-OA-oror-SDE-2-2024-(Code-Question-1)
Pair Problem, Nearest’s Friend House
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5360203/Amazon-OA)
Max Rectangle Area
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5362369/max-area-rectangle-or-Amazon-OA-with-solution)
Sum of K Elements less than equal to threshold
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5362326/Amazon-OA-with-solution)
RegEx Matching
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5358811/amazon-oa)
Items in container
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5346331/Amazon-SDE-1-coding-questions)
Min number of fully connected component
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5327822/Amazon-coding-question)
Delivery centres for the distribution of goods
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5304069/amazon-OA-new-grad)
Maximum number of negative signs
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5358328/Amazon-or-Online-Assignment-or-Max-Negatives)

Given an interger N, return the integer number K in a way that the sum that goes from 1 to K-1 is equals to the sum that goes form k+1 to N (all inclusive), if there is no number that met the condition return -1.
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5276400/AMAZON-SDE-FULL-TIME-PHONE-SCREEN-(ACCEPTED-TO-FINAL-INTERVIEW))

Amazon Robot Roomba…Drives
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5271091/amazon-oa

Reliability Drill
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5271080/amazon-oa

Processors for executing processes (LinkedList Question)
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5158290/Amazon-OA

Multiple Delivery Centres and Delivery Warehouses. Calculate the number of points :
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5158290/Amazon-OA

Circular Network of Servers
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5138757/Amazon

Barcode Scanner
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5100688/Amazon-OA

Array of Deployment results
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5100688/Amazon-OA

Amazonian team monetary transaction service
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5089031/Amazon-OA

Closed inventory compartments
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5089031/Amazon-OA

Amazon web servers vulnerability. kth minimum vulnerability
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5043451/Amazon-OA
https://www.fastprep.io/problems/amazon-find-kth-minimum-vulnerability
https://www.reddit.com/r/leetcode/comments/1cy9307/amazon_assement_test/

Amazon recommendation k-repetitiveness
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5019891/Amazon-OA
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4998885/Amazon-OA
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4801177/Amazon-oa ‘https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4664752/Amazon-OA

Amazon scalable systems, A set of n servers..values of x such that sum of
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4998885/Amazon-OA

Binary String. No of operations to reverse it
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4804678/Amazon-OA-Reverse-Binary-String/2284762
(https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5392817/Amazon-oa)

Anagrammatic strings
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5258847/Amazon-SDE-1-interview-question

AWS minimum lag
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4902482/Amazon-6m-SDE-1-intern-2024

Minumum amount of money gift card..continguous segment
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4902482/Amazon-6m-SDE-1-intern-2024

Demolition Robot
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/1257344/amazon-oa-demolition-of-robot

Create rectangle using N sticks with one decrement:
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5083879/Amazon-OA

Mutiple delivery balanced shipment..last
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5096695/Amazon-OA
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4846016/Amazon-OA

Student reading pages
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5082266/Amazon-OA

Amazon distributed database circular fashion synchronization
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5021415/Amazon-OA-new-grad
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/5011657/Amazon-OA-new-grad

PnL question
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4997933/Amazon-OA

Minimum operations to make cumulative sum of array postiive
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4990030/Amazon-OA
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4964555/Amazon-OA-Help

Count distinct pairs with k difference
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4963618/Amazon-oa
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/

Unsorted array of integers with duplicates..minimum elements to remove
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4926719/Amazon-OA

Unsorted array.. find the kth minimum elements of length m
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4926719/Amazon-OA

Valid warehouse
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4912073/Amazon-OA

Faulty Server Detection, three consecutive requests
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4896546/Amazon-oa

Maximum waiting time ,Customer request queue numner of requests in the queue at every sec.
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4840590/Amazon-OA
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4754212/amazon-OA
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4699215/amazon-OA

Count number of distinct passwords
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4822297/Amazon-OA-Question

Solar power consumption, Electricity bulb
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4812451/SDE-AMAZON-OA

length of longest valid substring
https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-the-longest-valid-substring/description/

Weight lifting Swap adjacent blocks
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4749861/Amazon-OA

Minimum Average Difference
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-average-difference/

Pan Balanced..balanced…heavier by amount wt
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4723156/Amazon-OA

Collections of n cards…minimize the range of numbers
https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/4704126/Amazon-OA

